Document limitation with implementing both `FromRequest` and `FromRequestParts` (#1300)
tokio-rs/axum: axum/src/docs/extract.md

# };
```

## Cannot implement both `FromRequest` and `FromRequestParts`

> Note that you cannot implement both `FromRequest` and `FromRequestParts` for the
> same type, unless it is wrapping another extractor:

Reviewer: We should probably note again here the blanket impl, plus make it clear that there's not going to be a compile error from the two direct impls.

```suggestion
Note that you will make your extractor unusable by implementing both `FromRequest` and `FromRequestParts` directly for the
same type, unless it is wrapping another extractor:
```

> same type, unless it is wrapping another extractor:

Reviewer: Now you need to re-wrap this 😛 

Also how about mentioning the blanket impl of `FromRequest` here? I guess it could be confusing to people how they're allowed to implement both at all then?

Author: > Also how about mentioning the blanket impl of FromRequest here? I guess it could be confusing to people how they're allowed to implement both at all then?

Hm how would you phrase that?

Reviewer: I'm not sure. Maybe not that important? The whole handler thing is probably just "magic" to most users anyways 😅
